Tark kazum is in Han Yunis in Gaza tar
bring us up to speed on what's happening
in Gaza right now are the Israeli
bombardments
continuing yes definitely uh over night
and every morning the Israeli
bombardment continues targeting
residential buildings inside the
besieged territory during the last 24
hours the death toll of among
Palestinian has risen to more than 150
Palestinian uh the the uh final
conclusion of the death toll in in the
Gaza trip has risen to more than 5,000
700 Palestinians with more than 15,000
others injured uh uh it's also important
uh to mention that during the past hour
uh different areas inside the Gaza Strip
was uh heavily bombarded by the Israeli
Air Forces uh one of the residential
buildings in uh kanun city has leveled
to the ground a number of casualties
have been reported also the Eastern
areas of rafah District witness Mass uh
tank Shilling by the Israeli artillery
uh during uh uh during the past hour uh
in addition to the current situation on
the ground the Israeli drones in in the
sky of the Gaza Strip uh keep hovering
in order to collect different
information about Targets on the ground
in order to be directed to Israeli Jets
to Fire and to bombard residential
houses uh the majority of the victims
that had fallen since the early
beginning of this round of fighting
between Palestinian and the uh the
Israeli occupation forces are the
majority of them were young children and
women more than 40% of them were young
children t I want to ask you about
what's happening at hospitals across
Gaza uh because the situation there was
already very bad as we know and as we've
been covering for well really since the
beginning of this uh it's been getting
worse you're by Al Nasser hospital if
I'm not mistaken and only I want to say
about two hours ago the spokesperson for
the health Ministry in Gaza was saying
many hospitals no longer have what they
need to treat the injured what are you
seeing
well the current situation in Gaza
hospitals not only in a Nas hospital but
in every single Hospital in the besieged
territory uh is witnessing massive
deterioration in medical abilities to uh
keep providing treatment for thousands
of Palestinians inside uh the besieged
inclave uh due to the Israeli ongoing
closure of borders and till this current
moment that the Israeli this approval of
injury refuel to the Gaza Strip uh will
worsen the situation in hospitals now
doctors are uh conducting different
medical operations without being CED and
even on the light of their smartphones
the Indonesian Hospital in the Norther
in Gaza Strip which considered to be one
of the main Central hospitals in the
north of Gaza has become out of services
and it has shut down of electricity
after the uh running out of the fuel in
in this Hospital also the Palestinian
Ministry of Health and Gaza Strip has
said that during the next 24 hours
there's going to be no entry of a fuel
Convoy uh to the Gaza Strip the
situation will be very
hard T Kaboom reporting from kanun is
just next to Al Naser Hospital in the uh
southern part of the Gaza Strip thank
you very much tar for that we want to
delve into this and uh continue bringing
our viewers information on what's
Happening inside gaza's hospitals
joining us by phone from Gaza is Dr
Hassan halaf medical director of alwafa
Hospital in Gaza tell us what's
happening where you are are you still
able to treat the
injured well um uh you as you know today
is the 17th days of American and Israel
war against children and wom in Gaza and
you know bombarding the people on The
Reel and hundreds of children under
Rebel keeping also the situation and in
in hospitals is very very sad you know
because as you know long Siege and
shortage of medications as well as now
no no water and electricity and all
hospitals depending on the electrical
generator which is not the doct if I can
respectfully if I can respectfully
interrupt you are you still able to
treat the injured at this
stage uh well and in my hospital I'm
treating the elderly um you know bden
patient with chronic diseases yes I
helped cha hospital and brought um about
30 uh wounded from shifa hospital just
to give them you know space for some you
know
new ured
people and this is the situation in my
hospital my patients are elderly with
the chronic diseases with with big SES
with pressure ERS and you know strokes
and neurological diseases and I as I
told you 30 out of them 30 patients
brought from shifa hospital who have you
know injured during the world on
civilian and are you able to give them
the medical care that they need well
this is the the the minimal the minimal
and they only available even the food we
would have food you know the food we we
will depend on bean cans and jams and
cheese and can so dry food and it is not
suitable feeding as well as you know
deficiency in medications but the the
great problem is the electricity and you
know light and you
know you know the other machines or
equipment we need who depend completely
on the electricity as well as lifts and
so other other parts of the hospital so
are facing great to Great difficulties
in
continue do you have any do you have any
power left do you have any power left I
understand that the lights are out most
of the time in most places but have you
been able to ration power are you able
to use it just in certain specific
circumstances when some patients require
it or is it totally gone now well this
is the the least minimal I said you know
uh we have you know small uh solar
system using for lighting and we some we
could the few the the P few days work in
the generator for two or three hour just
to um to do the minimal work but all the
time you know minimal light there is you
know minimal electricity and we cannot
you know be sure that how many
days the disaster will come in which now
all people here will die on spots
because these
this Medical Care is you know
crumbled Dr Hassan kalaf medical
director of alwafa Hospital in Gaza
thank you so much for joining us on the
program today and sharing that with
us